Updated sentence (#88040)
Azure/azure-content: articles/active-directory-b2c/multi-factor-authentication.md

1. In the left menu, select **Users**.
1. Search for and select the user for which you want to delete TOTP authenticator app enrollment.
1. In the left menu, select **Authentication methods**.

> 1. Under **Usable authentication methods**, find **Software OATH token (Preview)**, and then select the 3-dot menu next to it. If you don't see this interface, select the option to **"Switch to the new user authentication methods experience! Click here to use it now"**, located below the Authentications methods menu in the Portal, to switch to the new authentication methods experience.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Under **Usable authentication methods**, find **Software OATH token (Preview)**, and then select the ellipsis menu next to it. If you don't see this interface, select the option to **"Switch to the new user authentication methods experience! Click here to use it now"** to switch to the new authentication methods experience.
```
